Her records are a complete match.
The body is that of Natsumi Hayase-san.
Turn yourself in, and you'll be framed
for both their deaths.
You'll be leaving your only child behind.
What should I...
You must reboot.
I can make you into Gido.
I've rebooted as the man
who murdered my wife.
We won't know
unless we find whoever killed Gido.
I know you're not my husband.
You are Riku Hayase-san, are you not?
- Gido called me today.
- Today?
But that wasn't "you."
That was the real Gido.
Gido... is still alive?
[Ayumi Gido, Reboot, Day 4]
If Gido is alive,
I can prove I'm innocent.
No, can I truly trust her?
Ridiculous. I am Ayumi Gido. Leave.
Then I'll call the police here, right now.
You're a wanted man, are you not?
Will you admit you're Riku Hayase?
I'm reporting you.
Fine.
I admit it.
Where is Gido?
You know where he is, don't you?
I'm sorry.
Your husband is dead.
What?
Someone stabbed him.
He was buried deep in a forest.
Impossible. He called me earlier today.
Anyone can fake a voice over the phone.
You're not exactly convincing me.
Take me there.
Show me where he was buried.
Timing and subtitles by
"🍰 The Pastry Detectives 🔍" Team @Viki.com
I'll take over.
No, let me.
Are you sure this is the spot?
I tripped over that very tree.
I'm certain this is where he is.
- I've got this—
- The sooner we're out of here, the better.
And it wouldn't sit well with me
knowing I made a wife unearth her husband.
Why are you pretending to be Gido?
Trying to get away with murder?
I murdered no one.
Then who killed your wife?
[Natsumi Hayase]
Gido, he really did...
I would stop there if I were you.
It's not him.
This isn't Gido.
That's...
Sir, I never touched the money -
This man was named Ando.
He was killed in front of my very eyes.
Killed?
Hide!
Hurry!
Turn around.
Gido-san?
What're you doing out here?
Checking to see if I'm getting the job done?
Yes.
Goroku's orders, right?
Damn, he should trust me.
I'm a diligent worker!
Looks like it.
But thanks for digging a hole for me.
Heavy?
Yes, this one's a real load.
Any reason you're still sticking around?
I'll bury the body, promise.
Right, you get to that.
Already on it, Sir.
- What's going on?
- Hide yourself.
I don't understand.
What was Gido doing?
Where is he?
Calm down.
You haven't eaten, have you?
Forget everything I told you.
You'll only get yourself involved.
I'd advise you to forget about Gido as well.
Gido is no murderer.
Given what I know, I would say otherwise.
My husband was an upstanding officer.
You haven't seen him in years, have you?
You couldn't have known everything about him.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't speak like a know-it-all.
Especially when I'm in a similar situation.
I knew nothing about my wife.
I didn't know she had ties
to a dangerous organization.
I will regret my ignorance
until the day I die.
I understand your hatred for Gido.
But I will choose to believe my husband.
If I may ask, why were you two living apart?
I believe it was the fire.
He didn't help around the house*?
(*"Fire" and "chores" sound similar)
No, I burnt our home down.
It also affected the home next door.
We moved to an older apartment,
to better pay reparations.
Gido blamed you?
No, not even once.
My husband may seem rough,
but he's a kind man at heart.
He helped pay for reparations,
even when we lived apart.
That may be
why he got involved in shady business.
He chose to get involved of his own accord.
You're not responsible for his fate.
Was my husband truly dead?
When I saw him, he was still breathing.
- Gido!
- Who buried him?
A woman named Ichika-san.
I only watched from afar.
Then it's entirely possible he's still alive.
- You didn't check for yourself.
- But Ichika-san...
She may be lying to you.
You think she tricked me?
No, I don't believe she would.
How can you be sure?
She's...
She's kind to my family.
She blissfully enjoys desserts as well.
That alone is enough to convince you?
I just don't think she's a bad person.
Call it a pâtissier's hunch.
Please don't tell this Ichika-san
about my husband.
Why not?
I want you to look into her
while she still trusts you.
What?
She's lying to you.
That's the hunch I have.
I'll be back.
Can I have a bite?
No. Your doctor would scold me.
What, you're just gonna flaunt your burger?
Ew, gross!
You're such a bully.
I'll ask the doctor about it for next time.
- Really?
- Yes.
Then I'll put in an order for a McMuffin.
Yikes, I'll be late.
You don't have to visit if you're busy.
But I want to come see you.
Jeez, don't give me goosebumps!
- Ayaka.
- Yes?
See you around.
[Search name: Ichika Kogo]
[Driver's License: Ichika Kogo]
The only things we got
are her license, and past records.
[Plastic Surgeons]
You're early today.
Good morning.
Hey, what's this?
That's something Adachi's looking into.
I wanted to consider the possibility
of Riku Hayase getting plastic surgery.
Those are the clinics I'm investigating.
Plastic surgery?
No surgeon would see a wanted man.
It's happened before.
Besides, an investigator from our second team
told me it happens often in the underworld.
Apparently, it's called a "reboot" of sorts.
You think a pâtissier has the connections
to make that happen?
It's something I'll investigate in my own time.
You sure love to take on extra work.
Overtime's not for me.
Could you two also look into this woman?
[Ichika Kogo, Financial Advisor]
"Ichika Kogo."
GooSix's financial advisor?
Yes.
GooSix...
They were Natsumi Hayase's clients.
This Ichika Kogo took over
when Natsumi disappeared.
I suspect she's involved somehow.
What makes this company so suspicious?
Natsumi Hayase assisted other companies.
Call it a detective's hunch.
Anyway, I'm counting on you two.
There he goes again
with his detective's hunch.
Inspector Gido has changed since he returned.
I think he's always been a bit of an oddball.
Let's just get this job done, okay?
- Gido.
- Yes?
Come here.
- What is it, Sir?
- We sure drank our share yesterday.
Aren't you hungover?
Pardon?
Sorry, but could we actually split the bill?
I know I said it'd be my treat,
but I forgot it's the wife's birthday this month.
Mikami-san.
We went drinking last night?
What? You're the one who invited me.
I-I did?
Yes. Right as I was heading out of the office.
I invited you, here. Right.
How much do I owe you?
20,000 yen, for two bars.
I'm rounding down for you.
Sir, what did we talk about again?
Just about your recent work.
You asked about the key to your locker, too.
What, you don't remember?
It's been a while since I drunk.
Hold on.
The lingerie bar's our secret, right?
Of course.
[Hayase]
Hello?
You were right.
What?
Gido is alive.
He visited the office last night.
Thank god...
Mayu-san, if Gido contacts you, let me know.
I won't do anything rash.
I only wish to know what happened to my wife.
Promise you'll keep me in the loop.
Okay, I will.
This proves Ichika-san was lying.
What is going on here?
She may have been working together with Gido.
In any case, I'll continue looking into her.
Please do.
Hello there, Inspector Gido.
Inspector General Makita.
We often bump into each other, don't we?
But of course. I have my eyes on you, after all.
That doesn't bode well for my job, sir.
Can't you at least be discreet about it?
I feel like you're choking me out.
You know that I like to fight head-on.
So I can see how you'll react, you know?
Might as well have fun on the job
if I have no hopes at a promotion.
A fine motto, I'd say.
Let's talk, shall we?
You were searching our database earlier.
And all those search records go to us.
Why are you looking into this individual?
To make sure justice is served, of course.
You have ties to Fuyuhashi,
and now you're looking into Goroku's people.
I feel like I'm connecting dots here.
I was only looking into her ties
with Natsumi Hayase.
Right.
I hear this "Natsumi Hayase"
was also a consultant for Goroku.
I now see why you're invested in this case.
It's a coincidence, Sir.
It seems like I've backed you into a corner.
It's a great look.
Sir, could I get back to work? Duty calls.
Right, of course. Your investigation awaits.
You'd best eat well while you can, Inspector.
The price of betrayal's a hefty one.
So?
He was most definitely lying, Sir.
Now that's one dirty liar.
I have to find Gido.
Ichika-san would know where to start.
Kurehara-san, can I leave the vouchers to you?
Sure thing.
Ichika-san.
What now?
So...
How about we go on a date?
Well, not exactly a date.
I just realized how little I know about you.
We are supposed to be "lovers" and all.
I really ought to have some knowledge
to back that claim.
I'm on my way to do a job for Goroku.
May I tag along?
I'd like to see what your "jobs" entail.
Come with me.
- Hello there.
- Welcome.
What is this place?
- What?
- Are we on a date after all?
No, this is all part of the job.
Take your pick. I'll be buying a box or two.
You have a sweet tooth to satiate, right?
Right.
- Hello, everyone.
- Hey there.
Here, I brought donuts.
- Thanks.
- Anytime.
- Rikka, we got donuts.
- For real?
Thank you so much!
I didn't expect the plus one.
What's the occasion?
We're having a date on the job.
- Here are this week's results.
- How are we faring?
- Can I borrow the office?
- Pretty well, I'd say.
Feel free.
Kaieda's certainly not around to use it.
Help yourselves to some coffee as well.
Thanks.
This law firm is a safe haven for victims
of scams and sketchy jobs.
But that's only a front.
Its true goal is to curate a roster
of those willing to partake in illicit work.
A roster?
The firm invites its clients
to partake in jobs of their own.
Everyone falls for it
because they need the money.
So once they're hooked, they can't go back?
Terrifying.
You're not going to eat your donut?
That's sweet.
I get why they're so popular.
Is that the roster?
We recruit individuals
from social media as well.
Find people who need money,
then entice them with an opportunity.
If we receive a response,
[Hey, I've got a job for you.]
we ask for their ID and address,
then ask them to download
a confidential messaging app.
What sort of "jobs" are these people working?
We have them make those accounts we use
for money laundering.
One individual will make
about 10 different accounts.
For that alone, they're paid about 10,000
to 50,000 yen per month.
Won't those people think that's suspicious?
They have bigger problems to deal with.
Even though the police crack down
on these sketchy jobs?
People would do anything
for money they need to survive.
Doesn't matter where you hail from.
Poverty will always triumph rational thought.
Some people try to quit, don't they?
Of course. But if they ever try,
we threaten them.
"We'll burn your house down."
"Say good bye to your family."
That tends to work for most people.
How horrible.
You lose the will to resist
when family gets involved.
That hits a bit too close to home.
I mean, look at what I've done.
Come in.
Sorry to interrupt the date.
Guess we're out of time.
- Aki's on the line.
- All right.
[Are you ready to join? Aki is on this call]
You're in frame.
Hi there, Ichika.
Sorry for the short notice.
It's fine. Is this about Sagami-Horai Bank?
Yes. They've installed a chat-bot
to help filter out accounts.
Ten of our applicants got rejected
because it asked for a company name.
Grab the questions it asks.
We'll create a list of answers to give.
Okay. TJ Trust wants to see proof
via a company website, too.
What do we do about that?
We'll have to create a website
for every fake company we have.
It'll cost money and time
to outsource the work.
Then we'll start a team of our own.
We have the tools, it's not impossible.
I'll see who we can use.
I'll leave recruitment to you.
Send me a word when you have a design.
Yes, Ma'am.
Talk to you later.
That sounded so official.
This is the general gist of my job.
Or crime, if I wasn't sugarcoating it.
Anything else you wanted to ask me?
Ichika-san, you're the organization's treasurer.
Does that mean you keep tabs
on all of their money?
Yes, it's not too different
from normal accounting work.
And you also deal with cash,
like the billion from three years ago?
Sometimes.
Do you still handle
that sort of physical capital?
Come with me, I'll show you.
This is the organization's secret safe.
Though the big shots know it exists,
only Goroku and I know the location.
Who brings the money here?
Our part-timers.
They're never told what they're transporting.
Is this...
Yes. They're currently filled with luxuries
gathered by a Hong Kong gang.
"Luxuries"?
Scammed prepaid cards,
stolen precious metals, the works.
About how much is in here?
Depends on the exchange rate,
but I'd estimate about ten billion yen.
Ten billion?
All this?
Can I take a look inside?
These goods will get liquidated to cash,
then deposited to a bank overseas.
With this much money,
you wouldn't even need to lift a finger.
- You could say that again.
- But...
He must really play the part
if you haven't caught on yet.
It's a shame we gotta kill that Riku Hayase.
[Hayase Patisserie]
- Welcome.
- Hello there.
Gido!
I didn't realize your wife was a nutritionist.
Her help has made all the difference.
Thank you for sending her in to assist us.
Sending her in?
Your wife said you asked her to help out.
- We're making pudding together.
- Pudding?
It's an easy dessert to make in batches, no?
Could we have a minute?
I decided to take off my nutritionist work
and part time here for a while.
Why?
I felt like I owed you.
I said you didn't need to feel responsible.
Your mother is reaching her limits.
The lack of sales
aren't helping her spirits, either.
Won't my presence
be just the distraction she needs?
Takumi-kun's doing his best
to recreate his father's pudding.
Could you please tell us your recipe?
[How to make a Hayase Pudding]
Add about 15 grams more egg yolk.
That egg flavor is what
makes our pudding a Hayase Pudding.
All right.
[I]
Hello? Ichika-san?
So this is what I sound like.
Gido?
Bingo.
Where are you right now?
I have questions.
Listen up.
Leave Mayu out of this. She's innocent.
Your answer?
I have no plan on getting her involved.
Mayu-san is only helping the store
out of the kindness in her heart.
Then have her quit, now.
She's your wife, you convince her.
Mayu-san is seriously worried about you.
At least let her know you're safe.
Worrying about others
when you're at risk yourself?
Someone doesn't know how the world works.
I know you murdered Natsumi.
What have you done with Ichika-san?
I'm sending you an address.
Come, and I'll give you answers.
[Address Link]
Gido?
I'm here.
Fuyuhashi? Why are you...
Where's the merchandise?
Mr. Ma left it with us for safekeeping.
Now, where is it?
What are you talking about?
No.
You've been set up.
We confirmed this video's the real deal.
You're guilty as charged.
We'll uncover your tracks
even if you choose to remain silent.
And if silence is your answer, so be it.
But I will ask you one last time.
Where did you put the ten billion yen?
I'm not Gido!
I'm Riku Hayase.
Riku Hayase?
I only look like Gido
because of plastic surgery.
The one in the video is the real deal.
How fascinating!
Men sure make interesting excuses
when their lives are on the line.
I rebooted!
I assume you two have heard the term before.
Sir, please.
Please, let me prove myself.
Let me prove I'm Riku Hayase.
I'm always the one making the final meals.
I've never been on the other side of things.
Don't be so antsy.
This is an interesting turn of events.
The real Gido was no cook.
He disliked sweet things as well.
You're saying baking a dessert
proves you're not Gido?
I ran a family patisserie of 48 years.
I am a professional at work.
I will put everything I am into this cake.
Here is my specialty, a Hayase Shortcake.
Though the cake would usually cool for a bit,
the recipe itself, I inherited from my father.
Please, enjoy.
No, not that.
Have a bite.
A pâtissier wouldn't have the connections
necessary for a reboot.
Who helped you?
Ichika?
She's currently getting treated
at a hospital.
Call her here.
Kiriya here.
Bring us Ichika-san.
Well, I would, but...
Have a seat.
He says he got a reboot.
I suspect you helped him.
Speak, or you'll disappear with him.
Three years ago, Gido stole the billion,
murdered Natsumi-san, and then buried her.
Gido was behind it all?
Yes. He told me himself.
Why didn't you say anything?
Keep going.
Gido also came to me
to embezzle money from the organization.
And you obliged?
He threatened to kill my sister.
I had no choice.
Gido was on the verge of arrest
with the Inspector General hot on his tail.
That was when Natsumi-san's body was found,
and Goroku-san began pressing Gido.
At his wits' end,
Gido came to me with a proposal.
His plan...
was to pressure Riku Hayase-san into a corner
and have him reboot as "Gido."
I followed his plan and tricked you.
Gido planned to escape overseas
once Hayase-san began acting as "Gido."
He was to lie low
until the organization was off his trail.
But instead,
he double-crossed me
and made off with another 10 billion.
I believe this was his plan from the start.
He hoped to pin all the blame on Hayase-san
and make off with the fortune.
Sounds utterly unbelievable.
Please, allow me to prove myself.
Prove yourself?
I will bring you the real Gido.
♫ It just wears down little by little ♫
♫ It just wears down your heart ♫
Your cake tastes fine,
if not a bit old-fashioned.
It's what makes our cakes special.
My wife loved that nostalgic taste.
You have until midnight tomorrow.
Ichika-san.
If you find nothing,
this will be goodbye to you as well.
♫ Just paint over each day ♫
♫ Just paint over it desperately ♫
♫ In reality ♫
♫ It just becomes empty ♫
♫ My heart just becomes empty ♫
♫ "Are you laughing more than usual?" ♫
You won't condemn me for tricking you?
♫ Did such a day even exist? ♫
♫ The treasure that shines in my heart ♫
He threatened you with Ayaka-san's life.
It's only obvious you would do anything
to protect your family.
Here, try a slice.
The Hayase Shortcake.
The strawberry on top
makes the cake taste all the sweeter.
That's how Natsumi always ate her slice.
I'll pass.
Why?
Because this cake is Natsumi-san's.
I can finally avenge Natsumi.
I can return to Takumi-kun.
I'm coming home, Natsumi.
Timing and subtitles by
"🍰 The Pastry Detectives 🔍" Team @Viki.com
Let's settle this.
Yes.
[Reboot]
- You seriously look like me.
- Traitor.
Bring me the goods. Or else your sister's dead.
[Next time, Episode 5: Decisive Battle]
Please, tell us the truth.
[Gido vs Hayase]
For your future's sake.
[Gido's rampage goes on]
Looks like you've got grand ambitions, kid.
- Why are you working for him?
- For money, why else?
I have to protect this store.
[Hayase's memories of the past... what are his true feelings?]
I have to return to my family,
[The time limit to get to his family is approaching.]
no matter the cost.
You murdered Natsumi, didn't you?
[A battle of the lookalikes]
Answer me!